README.md, before:

# Denied Access
## GridWatch

![Github CI](https://github.com/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch?branch=develop)
![Repo Size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch)

![Issues Open](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch)
![Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch)
![Weekly Commits](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch)

![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch)
![Dependency](https://img.shields.io/librariesio/github/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch)
### Project Description
The grid watch system will allow three core interfaces:

1. The first interface will allow anyone with access to the application (the public) to report and monitor power failures, potholes, water supply shortages and other issues in each location which need to be investigated and repaired. Locations should receive notifications based on if a problem in their area may affect them. 
2. The second interface will allow Authorized officials a view of all the publicly created tickets and the option to dispatch a technical team or start a bidding process where third party service providers can obtain the tender to do the work the specific ticket requires. 
3. The third interface will allow the tech team to report on the ticket information such as the cost of the repair, a detailed description of the problem and how it is going to be fixed with the estimated time it will take to complete these repairs. 

The system will also make use of predictive analytics powered by AI modules that will predict certain aspects such as potential problems that may be experienced as a result of the weather or ticket repair information based on what similar tickets have costed and the time they took to repair in the past.

### DemoVideo
[DeniedAccess-Demo1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AoG4Tkd5LDA)


### Specifications:
[SRS Doc](https://github.com/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch/wiki/SRS-Documentation)

### Project Board
[Our Teams Project Board](https://github.com/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch/projects)

### About Us
#### Leonardo Wessels
* Personally: I'm Leo and I'm trying to get finish my last year of my BSc Comp Sci degree. I enjoy gaming and coding as a past time and I'm looking forward to working on this project. I fully see this being a solution to a lot of peoples annoyances and I'm already enjoying seeing aspects of the project coming together
* Professionally: I have multiple years of experince in C++, Java, Php, HTML and Java. I have begun learning many standardised Node modules and Angular in an attempt to keep up to date with modern technologies. I have co-run a business that deals with website and web-app development. More info about me can be found on my [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/leonardo-wessels-b4b473a4/)

#### Joshua Young
* Personally: I am a third year BSc Computer Science student. I am passionate about coding and always strive to succeed. I will be using my coding experience to help and solve these relevant issues that we all face, together with team Denied Access.
* Professionally: https://www.linkedin.com/in/joshua-young-897522239 , I have experience in multiple programming languages that will aid in the development of the software system. Familiar with Web development languages that will aid in the front and backend development. Experience in University
level mathematics, Artificial Intelligence and LaTeX . Familiar with database manipulation languages such as SQL
that will be useful when writing queries to manipulate the database. Software Engineering skills such as using
Design Patterns, Methodologies and Software Architecture to solve given problems.

#### Anru Nel
* Personally: I am a third year BSc Computer Science student. I am very passionate about coding and computers and I am always eager to learn new skills. I enjoy using the skills that I have learned to help create solutions to real world problems faced by communities.
* Professionally: https://www.linkedin.com/in/anru-nel-0a0838b1/, I have extensive programming knowledge regarding the frontend and backend. This will allow me to help develop software that meets the needs of the given project. Being familiar with university level Mathematics and Artificial Intelligence will give me insight with regards to the project and will also allow me to make meaningful contributions. I also have experience working with databases. I also have experience applying Agile and Software methodologies.

#### Tshegofatsho Motlatle
* Personally: I am  third Year B.IT student with a passion for gaming and computing. With this project we will be addressing a very present and real problem that most people in south africa can say they have faced. I will bring value to the development of the system by using the skills i have acquired over the years to not only add vaulable inputs to the system as a whole but also my fellow team mates. I am excited to see what this system has in store for the relationship between local government and the public. Bringing people a step closer to the change they need and want
* Professionally: https://www.linkedin.com/in/tshegofatsho-motlatle-41ab89239/
   i have experience in both Web development such as PHP, Javascript, Jquery, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Angular, XML, DTD and also skilled in a number of programming languages such as JAVA, C++, Assembly, Python and Delphi. I have designed websites for clients in the past and im always eager to start and deliver a new project to a new client. Programming is the bond between machine and people and i like to consider myself the mediator between these two powerful machines. 

#### Thebe Kgaphola
* Personally: I am a third year Bsc Computer Science student, I love coding and learning new things. I am gonna use my skills to help the team implement the project.
* Professionally: https://www.linkedin.com/in/thebe-kgaphola-bb6268182/, I have experience in programming languages(Java, C++, Assembly), web development(HTML,CSS, JavaScript,PHP) and some back-end frameworks(NestJs).

### Created by the Denied Access Team of the University of Pretoria COS 301 Module
* Anru Nel (u20646284)
* Joshua Young (u20442018)
* Leonardo Wessels (u17229457)
* Tshegofatsho Motlatle (u17066736)
* Thebe Kgaphola (u18371435)

Commit message:

📝 (Readme Demo 2):
Added demo 2 Information

README.md, after:

# Denied Access
## GridWatch

![Github CI](https://github.com/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch?branch=develop)
![Repo Size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch)

![Issues Open](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch)
![Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch)
![Weekly Commits](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch)

![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch)
![Dependency](https://img.shields.io/librariesio/github/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch)
### Project Description
The grid watch system will allow three core interfaces:

1. The first interface will allow anyone with access to the application (the public) to report and monitor power failures, potholes, water supply shortages and other issues in each location which need to be investigated and repaired. Locations should receive notifications based on if a problem in their area may affect them. 
2. The second interface will allow Authorized officials a view of all the publicly created tickets and the option to dispatch a technical team or start a bidding process where third party service providers can obtain the tender to do the work the specific ticket requires. 
3. The third interface will allow the tech team to report on the ticket information such as the cost of the repair, a detailed description of the problem and how it is going to be fixed with the estimated time it will take to complete these repairs. 

The system will also make use of predictive analytics powered by AI modules that will predict certain aspects such as potential problems that may be experienced as a result of the weather or ticket repair information based on what similar tickets have costed and the time they took to repair in the past.

### DemoVideo
[DeniedAccess-Demo1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AoG4Tkd5LDA)


### Specifications:
[SRS Document Demo 1](https://github.com/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch/wiki/SRS-Documentation)
[SRS Document Demo 2 (Including Architecturial Information)](https://github.com/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch/wiki/SRS-Documentation-(Demo-2))

### Project Board
[Our Teams Project Board](https://github.com/COS301-SE-2022/Grid-Watch/projects)

### User Manual
[Grid Watch User Manual](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Uv2K0BQI1hVqUTOibVpMgImo-9ssm-Sp/view?usp=sharing)

### About Us
#### Leonardo Wessels
* Personally: I'm Leo and I'm trying to get finish my last year of my BSc Comp Sci degree. I enjoy gaming and coding as a past time and I'm looking forward to working on this project. I fully see this being a solution to a lot of peoples annoyances and I'm already enjoying seeing aspects of the project coming together
* Professionally: I have multiple years of experince in C++, Java, Php, HTML and Java. I have begun learning many standardised Node modules and Angular in an attempt to keep up to date with modern technologies. I have co-run a business that deals with website and web-app development. More info about me can be found on my [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/leonardo-wessels-b4b473a4/)

#### Joshua Young
* Personally: I am a third year BSc Computer Science student. I am passionate about coding and always strive to succeed. I will be using my coding experience to help and solve these relevant issues that we all face, together with team Denied Access.
* Professionally: https://www.linkedin.com/in/joshua-young-897522239 , I have experience in multiple programming languages that will aid in the development of the software system. Familiar with Web development languages that will aid in the front and backend development. Experience in University
level mathematics, Artificial Intelligence and LaTeX . Familiar with database manipulation languages such as SQL
that will be useful when writing queries to manipulate the database. Software Engineering skills such as using
Design Patterns, Methodologies and Software Architecture to solve given problems.

#### Anru Nel
* Personally: I am a third year BSc Computer Science student. I am very passionate about coding and computers and I am always eager to learn new skills. I enjoy using the skills that I have learned to help create solutions to real world problems faced by communities.
* Professionally: https://www.linkedin.com/in/anru-nel-0a0838b1/, I have extensive programming knowledge regarding the frontend and backend. This will allow me to help develop software that meets the needs of the given project. Being familiar with university level Mathematics and Artificial Intelligence will give me insight with regards to the project and will also allow me to make meaningful contributions. I also have experience working with databases. I also have experience applying Agile and Software methodologies.

#### Tshegofatsho Motlatle
* Personally: I am  third Year B.IT student with a passion for gaming and computing. With this project we will be addressing a very present and real problem that most people in south africa can say they have faced. I will bring value to the development of the system by using the skills i have acquired over the years to not only add vaulable inputs to the system as a whole but also my fellow team mates. I am excited to see what this system has in store for the relationship between local government and the public. Bringing people a step closer to the change they need and want
* Professionally: https://www.linkedin.com/in/tshegofatsho-motlatle-41ab89239/
   I have experience in both Web development such as PHP, Javascript, Jquery, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Angular, XML, DTD and also skilled in a number of programming languages such as JAVA, C++, Assembly, Python and Delphi. I have designed websites for clients in the past and im always eager to start and deliver a new project to a new client. Programming is the bond between machine and people and i like to consider myself the mediator between these two powerful machines. 

#### Thebe Kgaphola
* Personally: I am a third year Bsc Computer Science student, I love coding and learning new things. I am gonna use my skills to help the team implement the project.
* Professionally: https://www.linkedin.com/in/thebe-kgaphola-bb6268182/, I have experience in programming languages(Java, C++, Assembly), web development(HTML,CSS, JavaScript,PHP) and some back-end frameworks(NestJs).

### Created by the Denied Access Team of the University of Pretoria COS 301 Module
* Anru Nel (u20646284)
* Joshua Young (u20442018)
* Leonardo Wessels (u17229457)
* Tshegofatsho Motlatle (u17066736)
* Thebe Kgaphola (u18371435)
